Is it possible that his paternity test report
It belongs to Lu Xiao and other women
He can make your belly bigger
It can also make someone's belly bigger
Why are you back?
It's not that you're not coming back tonight
It seems that you don't want me to come back, so I'm leaving.
Hey, that's not what I mean.
Why are you acting so weird today?
What's wrong with you? I'm fine.
Luxiang, I thought carefully
If you don't want to be responsible for me
You can just say
We don't have any feelings between us
Anyway, I got the certificate from you to refuse this.
Don't say it, I can't listen anymore
You can lose your temper because you are pregnant
Honey, what's wrong with you today?
Why are you saying this?
Then I'll just say it
I saw you today
A paternity test report fell out
Oh, dear.
That's not mine.
It's not yours, who is it?
I can't say
I don't believe it, I want to believe you too
But you told me so much
You still dare not
Okay, if you don't believe it
I don't have anything to say
The stomach is yours
It's still what you want to say
And if you think I'm not a good fit
I'll let you get a divorce
It's me, Ma Youyi, calling so late. What's the matter?
Ruo Ruonan, I beg you
Give me the drink I met that day
Brother Lu Xiao said sorry for what?